Getting Started with Python
Getting Started with Python is the first course in the specialization Python for Everybody. It covers Chapters 1-5 of the textbook Python for Informatics, which is the same material as the first half of the course Programming for Everybody (Python).

Each Chapter will have a quiz and one or two required programming assignments. You must complete all of the quizzes and assignments to pass the course. To pass a quiz, you must get 8 out of 10 questions correct. There is no partial credit on programming assignments.

The class is seven weeks long, with suggested deadlines each week to help you stay on track. These weekly deadlines are not mandatory, and you can turn them off from the Course Settings options at the bottom of the Home page.

Students who want to earn a certificate will be asked to verify their identify each time they submit a quiz or assignment. If you do not plan to earn a certificate, you can also turn off these reminders from Course Settings. But if you want to get a certificate later, you should not turn these off.

You must complete all course requirements by the end of the last week to pass the course. If you have not completed the course, you can enroll in the next session and your work will be carried over. New sessions will begin every six weeks.


Syllabus
Week 1

Chapter One: Why We Program

Welcome
Lecture Materials
Additional Materials


Week 2

Installing and Using Python

Installing Python – Overview
- Using Python in this Class

- Python Code Playground

Recommended: Install Python - Windows 8
Recommended: Using Python - Macintosh
Recommended: Using Python on a Raspberry Pi
Recommended: Install Python - Windows Vista
Optional Assignment: Python Installation and Screen Shots
Bonus Interview: Eben Upton and the Raspberry Pi


Week 3

Chapter One: Why We Program (continued)

Lecture Materials
Review: Chapter 1 Quiz
Assignment: Write Hello World
Bonus Interview: Daphne Koller


Week 4

Chapter Two: Variables and Expressions

Lecture materials
Review: Chapter 2 Quiz
Assignment 2.2
Assignment 2.3
Bonus Interview: Pooja Sankar


Week 5

Chapter Three: Conditional Code

Lecture Materials
Review: Chapter 3 Quiz
Assignment: 3.1
Assignment: 3.3
Bonus Interview: Massimo Banzi


Week 6

Chapter Four: Functions

Lecture Materials
Review: Chapter 4 Quiz
Assignment: 4.6
Bonus Interview: Guido van Rossum


Week 7

Chapter Five: Loops and Iteration

Lecture Materials
Review: Chapter 5 Quiz
Assignment: 5.2
Bonus Interview: Niklaus Wirth